okay another simple video here going to
show you how to remove foot pegs on your
motorcycle this is the same for all of
them essentially you've got this pin it
just goes all the way through there is a
cotter pin right here and you just
simply I wouldn't recommend reusing
these but I've done it before
if I can get a hold of it here there we
go
simply straighten out the pin either
side
trying to work around the camera here so
kind of up and over it here we go
tap it down and pull it out take your
mallet or what have you
hold the takedown because it does have
tension on it so watch for that you
might jump a little on you there you go
there's how to remove the foot peg same
side or the other side in the exact same
way
really easy nothing to it so there you
go
told you to be quick well as part of
getting that cotter pin out okay
please feel free to post questions
comments rate and subscribe and as
always thanks for watching